https://codepen.io/Kleinhardt03/pen/zYxLKrw
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It is used to make websites readable and easily interpreted.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Used to create webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Its a characteristic of an element, and you place it in the elements opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is the most important heading, and it should be placed at the top of the pages content.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tag, and the image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the head element
    7. What is an id? 
    It provides a unique identifier for an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    secction, div
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    Used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div, section
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    < a href=”TargetLink.html”>Text That Will Appear</a >
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    It allows a person listening to content to be able to interact with it
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Content contained in a DIV element has no inherent meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    styling your webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID can be used to identify one element, class can be used for multiple elements. Use a class on a button
    Use an Id on a header
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified elements. Useful when 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a .sidebar:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Used when you may not have a set amount of elements, but you still want to style them individually.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    use transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px black dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* then */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    type ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Type rm, you have to becareful because it parmanetely deletes the file, and it doesn't ask if your sure
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Helps you work collaboratively, stores the different versions, restoring previous versions, 
    understanding what happend.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    You fork a repositiory, pick your TL as your collaborator, clone the repo using gitbash by typing git clone<link-to-repo>, 
    cd into the new repo,use git checkout command, work on the repo, do git add, then git commit, push the changes into github, open a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 